Fix path in docs (#23)
HubSpot/cms-js-building-block-examples: hello-world/README.md

### 2. Install dependencies

> Open your terminal and change into the Hello World repo root folder (`cms-js-building-blocks-hello-world/hello-world`) if you are not already there.

Reviewer: the root repo name got updated as well since we wrote this

```suggestion
Open your terminal and change into the Hello World repo root folder (`cms-js-building-block-examples/hello-world`) if you are not already there.
```
